♪The waves of sword dance send out ripples♪
♪I weather the raging storm to chase after the victorious banner♪
♪The snow is not concerned with joy or sadness♪
♪The horse reign I have been holding falls apart in the desert♪
♪My greenness is not an excuse to be bullied♪
♪Spreading the wings and soaring, inviting recklessness at any moment♪
♪I do not fear the life of hardship♪
♪For I shall solve all riddles destined for me♪
♪Great difficulties can summon the sea of courage♪
♪It's worth defending heroic spirits in the martial arts world♪
♪One smile is all it takes, I travel faraway with my spirited ballads♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
[The Blood of Youth: Quest of Heroic Hearts]
[Episode 7]
Weigui.
You said you went to search for the answer.
How did it go?
I got nothing.
But I think the Divine Maiden
is somehow related to my past.
Miss Xiaohua,
your idea was horrible.
If the two of us
fought them instead,
we wouldn't have looked so bad.
I was trying to avoid conflicts.
Besides,
Weigui is fine now, isn't he?
You...
Help! Help!
Be careful.
They are from Tianwaitian.
Tianwaitian?
This is Tianwaitian's business.
Stay out
of it.
If I do whatever you tell me to do,
won't that make me look like a lapdog?
I'm not
staying out of this.
Charge!
[Lin Yuxuan]
I am Lin Yuxuan of Liuli Manor.
I will never forget
your heroic deed today.
I am
Lei Lingze
of Lei's Stronghold.
They
are my good friends,
Weigui
and Hua Xiaohua.
A member of the Lei Clan.
Salutations.
You are the young master of Liuli Manor.
Why were you
being hunted by Tianwaitian?
My manor
houses many precious treasures.
It was safe
for many years
thanks to constant patrols
and its strategic location.
However, several years ago, Father
obtained the Skysplitter fragment.
Many people covet it,
so assassination
becomes a common occurrence.
In three days,
I will hold the Hero's Banquet at Liuli Manor.
I will show everyone
the Skysplitter fragment.
If you're interested,
you can join me.
That's wonderful!
Thank you, Young Master Lin.
Come.
Let's go.
[Liuli Manor]
Young Master.
You're injured.
Just another assassination attempt.
Fortunately, these young heroes saved me.
Are the guests here?
Xueyue City,
Lu's Way,
and the Wen Clan of Tangmen,
are all here.
They are resting in the grand courtyard.
The young heroes of Tangmen
are expecting a hidden weapon spar with you.
I shall meet them now.
Be a good host
to them on my behalf.
Of course.
I shall see you later.
My esteemed guests,
follow me.
Over here.
You
will be given a pillow later.
It's still day.
Why would we need a pillow?
You will find out soon.
Please
claim your pillow.
Why is this manor
so misty?
How many chambers would you like?
Four,
three,
two,
or one?
What three or two?
I'm asking you a question.
You gave us pillows and asked how many chambers we wanted.
Is this
an inn or what?
They must have put poison on the pillow.
That's why we fell asleep for a long time.
I don't think it's the pillow's fault.
It must be the miasma.
Just another assassination attempt.
Fortunately, these young heroes saved me.
Where's Hua Xiaohua?
Hua Xiaohua!
Isn't this supposed to be the Hero's Banquet?
But the decoration
seems to suggest
a wedding banquet.
What is this?
You have it too.
The hour of Zi is near.
The matrimonial ritual will be carried out soon.
Hurry up and take this
to the bride's chamber.
What bride?
People of Liuli Manor
are so weird.
And the manor owner
clearly doesn't treat us as guests.
He
gave us work right away.
The hour of Zi
is when Yin and Yang intermingle.
Marriages should be avoided.
Once we find Xiaohua,
let's get out of here.
Weigui.
What do you think
the bride
looks like?
What?
You want to get married too upon seeing
someone else getting married?
Not at all.
I want to be the strongest swordsman.
I have no time
for love.
Let's look around first.
[Wedding]
My lady,
we brought
your wedding gown.
I'll put it here.
Divine Maiden?
Why are you here?
Divine Maiden.
Divine...
She isn't wearing
a wedding gown,
but a mourning dress.
Mourning dress?
You
killed my bride.
Now, meet your demise.
I'm not dead.
The dream feels so real.
Weigui.
I had a dream.
I think we had the same dream.
How come my inner force is gone?
What exactly is this place?
Why is it so peculiar?
I don't think this is Liuli Manor.
Our inner force is gone.
We came back to life after dying.
We're in a dream.
A dream?
Only an idiot thinks you won't feel pain in a dream.
Since we're already in a dream,
we might as well
sleep more.
What should we do now then?
Let's go out and check.
Come.
Let's go.
The hour of Zi is near.
The matrimonial ritual...
- It's him again. - ...will be carried out soon.
Hurry up and take this
to the bride's chamber.
Speak.
What did you do to the Divine Maiden?
Hurry up and take this
to the bride's chamber.
Quit saying riddles.
How dare
you ruined my wedding ceremony.
Die!
Let's go.
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet again♪
♪No one will be able to understand me♪
♪None will go as I wish♪
♪How I long for that one moment to last forever♪
♪All mortal obsessions turn into dusts of nothingness♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪